Middleware in Express.js is a function that is executed for every request that comes into your application. Middleware functions can be used to do things like:

Logging: Middleware can be used to log information about each request, such as the request method, the request URL, and the response status code.
Authentication: Middleware can be used to authenticate users before they are allowed to access a particular resource.
Authorization: Middleware can be used to authorize users to access a particular resource.
Error handling: Middleware can be used to handle errors that occur during the processing of a request.
Caching: Middleware can be used to cache responses to requests, which can improve performance.
Middleware functions are typically written in JavaScript and are attached to your application using the app.use() method. For example, the following code would attach a middleware function that logs the request method and the request URL for every request that comes into your application:

app.use((req, res, next) => {
  console.log(`Request method: ${req.method}`);
  console.log(`Request URL: ${req.url}`);
  next();
});

Use code with caution. Learn more
Middleware functions can be chained together, so you can have multiple middleware functions executed for each request. The order in which middleware functions are chained is important, as the first middleware function in the chain will be executed first, and the last middleware function in the chain will be executed last.

Middleware is a powerful tool that can be used to add functionality to your Express.js applications. By understanding how middleware works, you can create applications that are more robust, secure, and efficient.

Here are some of the benefits of using middleware in Express.js:

Increased flexibility: Middleware allows you to add functionality to your application without modifying the core of your application.
Improved modularity: Middleware can be easily reused in other applications.
Simplified development: Middleware can help to simplify the development of your application by providing a common framework for building and deploying middleware.
If you are developing a new Express.js application, or if you are looking to improve the functionality of an existing Express.js application, then middleware is a technology that you should consider.